PRIORITY:

TODO allow param tag for network host when dbn being run locally

TODO mouse flakiness solved by using "set mx <mouse 1>"

TODO write down defaults for each of the tags

TODO write language docs

TODO make dbn runtime

TODO make griddify version load more quickly

make righthand side of dbn edit window behave better (especially on mac)
resize to usability, select lines correctly, select all, click drag
scrolls window. maybe external window? maybe wide window with dbn in upper
left hand corner?

TODO reduce the amount of flashing that the applet does
     especially on the mac (reduce number of components involved)

maybe move connectors, graphics and i/o together. make graphics a
'runtime' environment, supplied by the host. gui is the host that takes
care of cosmetics like telling the applet what to do.

make more static objects where possible, rather than creating new
instances each time a piece is run

figure out why network is running so slow. send network data as large
blocks? (entire block would be 1000 bytes, just 1k, not bad. this means 3
updates/sec over modem which is faster than current response time. need to
figure out if bottleneck is server or client induced.

command keys for save/run

get rid of pop-up menu

network down/disconnect crashes applet without notice

applet flaking out

arrayindexoutofbounds exception while running

couldn't restart afterwards (network down?)

TODO error message for non-existent variable reads
     like "line needs 4 vars" instead of "unknown var"

TODO if error on last (empty) line, highlight it somehow
     make empty lines highlight anyway 
     (add a space? highlight to end of \n?)

TODO finish dbn japanese and others

TODO font size of text area (too small?? too big?)
     (allow text face, size to be set using a param)

TODO can a NullPointerException be caught such that it would allow
     dbn to continue running, even if there was an internal error?

TODO if a mini-applet has a bug, set status bar on rollover (hard)

TODO font size too big to get entire error msg
     make sure all messages are short

TODO need adjustable auto-slowdown (not ai-refresh)

TODO better method of highlighting errors - color, flash, ?

TODO need to internationalize type program here
     as well as breaking out warnings/messages/errors to separate file

TODO would be nice to have auto-bug-reporting built into applet

make mrj menubar behave a little better, have file->quit menu,
add an about box under the apple/help menu:

> Add a 'MENU' resource with an ID of 1128 to override the default Apple
> menu. It should just have a single "About MyApp..." item followed by a
> separator line. You'll need to use MRJApplicationUtils to register an
> About handler so you can catch the menu command and put up your dialog.
> 
> To add stuff to the Help menu just use the regular Help-menu support in
> the AWT -- as I recall, you just call MenuBar.getHelpMenu() and then
> append items to that menu.


FINISHED

DONE make sense of all the vars madness

DONE preprocessor must remove comments and 
     (replace them with a blank line if they're on a sep line)

DONE if variable not found, warn as such ...
     (line said 4 vars needed after block)

DONE repeat statement, then blank line, then brace is ok

DONE take out 'found local var for repeat'

DONE (-x) doesn't work. shit. also (-mx/5+50)

DONE (-(x)) for math breaks things

DONE findFunction not working inside math

DONE need to add 'order of operations' to math commands
     unless all math is assumed to move left to right (yuck)
     can cheat on this by putting parens around * and / expressions
     make an array of ints that have the math, another array with the ops
     multiply first, then divide, then etc.
     condense the array first with multiplies, moving left to right

DONE  the following just stops w/o any complaints:
     }

     paper 50

DONE save should respond by message in the UI
     do this by having a delay of at least 500 ms or so

DONE add pause command again

DONE add antialias command again

DONE set <net 1> 40 is broken

DONE finish converter

ADDED NOTE IN README date < 1970 causes big trouble and exceptions

DONE fixed bug where field didn't update pixels

DONE fixed bug where recursion didn't happen
