From creas@media.mit.edu Sat Mar 10 23:44:16 2001
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2001 19:06:07 -0500 (EST)
From: Casey Reas <creas@media.mit.edu>
To: dbn-feedback@media.mit.edu
Subject: DBN- other (fwd)



---------- Forwarded message ----------
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2001 15:26:30 -0800
From: Sandro Alberti <salberti@fen-om.com>
To: creas@media.mit.edu
Subject: DBN- other

A few years ago, I had planned to implement DBN in the design courses I
teach in Mexico.

I never did start, and am finally returning to that purpose. Although I
am interested in utilizing DBN in the US, I am also interested in
programs that allow for 'programming' in Spanish (this seldom happens,
and Mexican students are forced to learn English, just to be able to
program). Briefly, I have been reviewing your overview of the Spanish
translation in DBN and need to express a few doubts that might improve
your product:
1. The translation of some terms does not seem to be the most
appropriate (I would translate 'pen' to 'pluma', instead of 'stilo',
'refresh' to 'refresque', instead of 'refrese', and 'net' to 'red',
instead of 'internet').
2. I would forego the use of accents and inverted symbols (question and
exclamation marks). These are an important formal and traditional part
of the language, but many people are not knowledgeable about their use
(I myself have a good grasp of the Spanish language, but resort to using
the Spanish spell-checker whenever I use MSWord). Many contemporary
Hispanic authors point to the fact that Spanish should be streamlined,
via the elimination of these, excessive, symbols (of course, it has been
pointed out that such streamlining to be pushed to a ridiculous limit,
with the elimination of the letter 'h' at the beginning of words, the
substitution of 'c' and 'k' in some cases, and 'll' with 'y', etc., but
that is another story, for another time-place).

Of course, I have yet to use your program in its original English
version, and, after that, to use it in Spanish. I will see what I find,
later.

Sandro Alberti
